docs/start.md, before:

# Quick Start
Let's get semantic searching, as promised, in 10 lines of code!

## Database
First, [setup PostgreSQL 15 with the Vector plugin with these instructions](./setup/detailed.md/#database-and-credentials). If you want to use Simon's built in OCR tooling, you will also need to [setup Java](./setup/detailed.md/#java).

If you don't want to set up Postgres yourself, here are a few free/paid online services that host Postgres for you—all with Vector already set up:

- [neon](https://neon.tech/)
- [supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- [digital ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/managed-databases-postgresql)
- [render](https://render.com/)

## Install the Package
You can get the package from PyPi.

```bash
pip install simon-search
```

## Connect to Database

```python
import simon

# connect to your database
context = simon.create_context("project_name", "sk-your_open_ai_api_key",
                               {"host": "your_db_host.com",
                                "port": 5432,
                                "user": "postgres",
                                "password": "super secure, or None",
                                "database": "dbname"})

# if needed, provision the database
simon.setup(context) # do this *only once once per new database*!!
```

The `project_name` is an arbitrary string you supply as the "folder"/"index" in the database where your data get stored. That is, the data ingested for one project cannot be searched in another.

You optionally can store the OpenAI key and Database info in an `.env` file or as Bash shell variables [following these instructions](./setup/detailed.md/#set-environment-variables).

## Storing Some Files

```python
ds = simon.Datastore(context)

# storing a remote webpage (or, if Java is installed, a PDF/PNG)
ds.store_remote("https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicken", title="Chickens")

# storing a local file (or, if Java is installed, a PDF/PNG)
ds.store_file("/Users/test/file.txt", title="Test File")

# storing some text
ds.store_text("Hello, this is the text I'm storing.", "Title of the Text", "{metadata: can go here}")
```

<!-- We also have advanced ingestors and lower level APIs to bulk read lots of data; check out [the ingest recipes folder](https://github.com/Shabang-Systems/simon/tree/main/examples/ingest) for tutorials on how to store everything from S3 buckets to Google Drive files. -->

## Search Those Files
We all know why you came here: search! 

```python
s = simon.Search(context)

# Semantic Search
results = s.search("chicken habits")

# Recommendation (check out the demo: https://wikisearch.shabang.io/)
results = s.brainstorm("chickens are a species that") 

# LLM Answer and Extractive Question-Answering ("Quoting")
results = s.query("what are chickens?")
```

That's it! Simple as that. Want to learn more? Check out the items in the left side bar to learn about each of the main concepts outlined in this quick start document.

Commit message:

tighter setup instructions
co-authored-by: exr0n <mail@exr0n.com>

docs/start.md, after:

# Quick Start
Let's get semantic searching, as promised, in 10 lines of code!

## Prerequisites
1. PostgresQL 15 with the Vector Plugin
    - A service like [neon](./setup/Cloud-Databases/neon.md), [supabase](./setup/Cloud-Databases/supabase.md), or [digital ocean](./setup/Cloud-Databases/digital-ocean.md) is probably easiest
    - You can also [self host the database following these instructions](./setup/detailed.md/#database-self-hosting)
2. [OpenAI GPT-4 API key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)
3. Python 3.9 or above. We recommend Python 3.11.
3. Optional: [Java](./setup/detailed.md/#java) if you want to use Simon's built in OCR tooling

## Install the Package
You can get the package from PyPi.

```bash
pip install simon-search
```

## Connect to Database

```python
import simon

# connect to your database
context = simon.create_context("project_name", "sk-your_open_ai_api_key",
                               {"host": "your_db_host.com",
                                "port": 5432,
                                "user": "postgres",
                                "password": "super secure, or None",
                                "database": "dbname"})

# if needed, provision the database
simon.setup(context) # do this *only once once per new database*!!
```

The `project_name` is an arbitrary string you supply as the "folder"/"index" in the database where your data get stored. That is, the data ingested for one project cannot be searched in another.

You optionally can store the OpenAI key and Database info in an `.env` file or as Bash shell variables [following these instructions](./setup/detailed.md/#environment-variable-management).

## Storing Some Files

```python
ds = simon.Datastore(context)

# storing a remote webpage (or, if Java is installed, a PDF/PNG)
ds.store_remote("https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicken", title="Chickens")

# storing a local file (or, if Java is installed, a PDF/PNG)
ds.store_file("/Users/test/file.txt", title="Test File")

# storing some text
ds.store_text("Hello, this is the text I'm storing.", "Title of the Text", "{metadata: can go here}")
```

<!-- We also have advanced ingestors and lower level APIs to bulk read lots of data; check out [the ingest recipes folder](https://github.com/Shabang-Systems/simon/tree/main/examples/ingest) for tutorials on how to store everything from S3 buckets to Google Drive files. -->

## Search Those Files
We all know why you came here: search! 

```python
s = simon.Search(context)

# Semantic Search
results = s.search("chicken habits")

# Recommendation (check out the demo: https://wikisearch.shabang.io/)
results = s.brainstorm("chickens are a species that") 

# LLM Answer and Extractive Question-Answering ("Quoting")
results = s.query("what are chickens?")
```

That's it! Simple as that. Want to learn more? Check out the items in the left side bar to learn about each of the main concepts outlined in this quick start document.
